Q.
Logical Form:
Which two logical fallacies can be found in the following statement:
Which is the conclusion to the below conversation?
Identify the logical fallacy committed.
Identify the fallacy.
Identify the logical fallacy.
Identify the logical fallacy commited.
Select the fallacy being used.
Select the logical fallacy:
What is this an example of?
What fallacy is shown here?
What logical fallacy is shown here?
Which of the following are examples of logical fallacies? (Check all that apply).
What logical fallacy is this:
What is a logical fallacy?
This is an example of which fallacy?
Identify the logical fallacy:
what fallacy is this?
Which fallacy is this?
Which logical fallacy is this?
Which fallacy is used here?
Which fallacy does this example follow:
Why is this a logical fallacy:
Why is this a logical fallacy?
What is the fallacy here?
What kind of fallacy is this?
What's the fallacy here?
What type of fallacy is this?
What fallacy is committed?
What type of logical fallacy is below?
What is the following an example of:
The following is an example of what fallacy?
Which kind of logical fallacy is used in this example?
The following is an example of what logical fallacy?
Which of the following logical fallacy's is this talking about?
Which type of fallacy (or error in logic) is present in the following statement?
What logical fallacy is used in the argument?
This statement is an example of which logical fallacy?
Which of the following are Logical Fallcies?
The following statement is an example of which logical fallacy?
What is the logical fallacy used in the argument?
What logical fallacy is being shown below?
The following is an example of what fallacy?
What persuasive technique is this?
What type of persuasive TECHNIQUE is being employed?
What type of propaganda is this?
Which logical fallacy is demonstrated in this example?
Which of the following logical fallacies is shown in the following sentence:
In this picture, which fallacy is being used?
Which logical fallacy is represented in this ad?
This ad is an example of which type of appeal?
What Rhetorical Fallacy is this?
Which rhetorical device is the following an example of?
Which fallacy?
Find the Fallacy:
Name the informal fallacy:
Match the example to the correct fallacy.
Which fallacy or fallacies are found in this example?
What fallacy or fallacies are found in this example.
Name the fallacy:
Fallacy:
This is an axample of...
Which of the following is a type of logical fallacy?
Select ALL of the following persuasion techniques.
Select all of the following fallacies:
Attacking a defendant's character rather than addressing the actual facts of the alleged criminal activity -
Which rhetorical fallacy focuses on the opponent's personality, character, or other qualities rather than the supporting evidence provided?
the use of loaded words to create negative feelings about a person, group, or thing.
GENERAL BELIEFS THAT WE USE TO CATERGORIZE PEOPLE AS A WHOLE GROUP...
What is the basic fallacy in saying that
Identify the logical fallacies used to deliver the message.
The statement,
Stereotypes--
What type of fallacy was used in the following statement?
Which two logical fallacies can be found in the following statement:
Choose: Logical Evidence or Anecdotal Evidence
Literally, "after this, therefore because of this." Occurs when one confuses correlation with causation.
Example:
Statements:
BONUS:
Bandwagon appeal; this fallacy occurs when evidence boils down to
The false cause fallacy is...
Which fallacy is being shown here?
What is a faulty cause/effect argument?
CAUSE & EFFECT
Which of the following persuasive techniques relate to logic?
State whether the argument below is valid or invalid. If it is invalid, give a reason why it is invalid.
What is the name of the logical fallacy that claims
Identify the fallacy of relevance committed by the following sentence.
Which of the following is a definition of the Vocabulary Word – To investigate?
Which of the following is not a leading question?
Choose the correctly spelled word(s). There is MORE than one correct answer.
Which of the following are examples of RISC?
Which of these is an advantage of the bus topology?
Advantages of 'off the shelf' software are:
Which 2 are advantages of a Bus Network Topology?
Review Question:
(Select all that apply.) What are some other names for the half-truth fallacy?
Identify the fallacy of relevance committed by the following sentence.
Which rhetorical fallacy attempts to stir up irrelevant compassion in the audience?
Which is a type of informal fallacy?
Name this logical fallacy:
This trick makes your audience fearful of others, prompting them to seek your safety.
Which of the following is NOT a type of propaganda?
Inaccurate or inconsequential comparisons between objects or concepts. For example,
Which of these is a comparison between 2 things that are too different to be compared?
existentialism? choose all that apply:
Rhetoric is the art of...
What persuasive technique is being used?
What fallacy or fallacies are found in this example?
What mode of persuasion is prevalent in the statement,
What mode of persuasion is prevalent in the statement,
Which persuasive appeal is the most effective (works the best)
Which propaganda technique is used here?
Read the following statement:
Which logical fallacy is apparent in the following:
Which logical fallacy is apparent in this example:
Arguing that because Event B occurred after Event A, Event A caused Event B.
This fallacy occur when a sequential relationship is mistaken for a causal relationship "after this, therefore because of this."
STATEMENTS:
What seems to be the problem with this graphic?

Which logical fallacy is represented here:
This survey is an example of which logical fallacy?
What is this an example of:
What logical fallacy is the following statement?
The "False Dilemma" logical fallacy is the same as which of the below?
This fallacy (also known as “false dilemma”) occurs when a speaker or writer makes a veiled threat by reducing a complex issue to two options:
The common category of "Fallacies of Suggestion" include the following subcategories:
Which logical fallacy is used in the text?
Which logical fallacy does the below situation demonstrate?
What kind of fallacy was used in the following statement?
What Fallacy or fallacies are found in this example?
What type of logical fallacy is below?
What type of logical fallacy is this?
This is an example of:
Which logical fallacy is seen in this example:
Consider the following conversation:
Which logical fallacy is used in the text?
Identify the Logical Fallacy in the following text:
What type of LOGICAL FALLACIES does this represent:
This fallacy, known as Petitio Principii, is based on an assertion that It's possible that this isn't true in the first place.
What type of logical fallacy is below?
What logical fallacy is this?
Which fallacy am I using here?
This is an example of what fallacy?
What type of fallacy is this statement:
What logical fallacy is the following statement?
This means that the end result of today's actions can be awful.
What type of logical fallacy is below?
Which propaganda technique is used here?
What category does this quote below belong in:
Which of the following logical fallacy's is this an example of?
What type of persuasive technique is being used
The following is an example of which logical fallacy?
This is an example of what?
Which fallacy is the following example?